hello everyone my name is Sarah DG
rhymes with peachy and today we have
Samsung's new flagship 8k TV the 65 inch
q 900 our ql e d 8k and i will say i got
to see this up to the 98 version of it
at CES this past year and my mind was
blown so I've been wanting to review one
of these since seeing it and Samsung
came in clutch the Samsung thank you for
sponsoring this video
ready ready let's back up a bit and talk
about the unboxing and setup this qle
dak TV is thin at only 1.25 inches the
legs of the TV are actually stored in
the back so no worries about losing them
if you want to wall mount this TV and
plus you know what my office is in New
York City we don't have any space here
for for TV legs if I wanted to use those
later on they'd be gone gone forever so
that's a good little feature there
Samsung all of the i/o is in this one
connect box and the TV connects to
everything and is powered by just this
one tiny cable no extra power cable
needed the Samsung no gap wall mount is
easy to install for the 65 inch ql 88k
you will use the shorter screws to
secure in the wall mount so the bigger
models use the long screws with these
spacers the wall mount for the 65 inch
almost gets it completely flush the
bigger q leds like the 75 inch in the 85
inch will go completely flat against the
wall but hey even though it's not
completely flush it looks pretty good
this is the most impressive wall mount
that i've seen in a while i think this
was kind of the perfect last touch to
the office here i can't wait to have
people come over for podcasting they're
gonna be like oh wait is that an 8k TV
like yeah I'm cool very few people are
gonna know this but it's like a party
trick right like hey you want to see
some a cake onto it BAM and I'm the
coolest chick
down this desk here has wheels and it
kind of moves around the office a lot so
it's very convenient to have just this
one cable running down will probably
mount the one connect box just against
the wall so everything is flush and you
don't have to worry about a lot of
cables going everywhere and the sound
coming from this TV sounds fantastic and
it has the AI sound adaption to where it
really fits the room that it's in the
design of this thing is wow it's
beautiful it has ultra thin bezels that
are only around half an inch it feels as
if it's a window into another world
so one connect has 4 HDMI inputs as well
as a digital optical audio out an RF
antenna connection and three USB ports
for accessories the TV is very bright
and this office is pretty lit I would
say and the Q LED handles it very well
any reflections from my overhead lights
are quickly diminished from how well
this TV displays SDR and HDR content the
local dimming feature is accurate and
helps create deep blacks so those black
bars during movies will stay dark
another plus of this TV especially since
this office is so long is you have these
ultra viewing angles where no matter if
I'm standing right here or right here
it's like the same brightness it looks
great I can report it looks great from
over here yep mm-hmm for gaming this TV
supports variable refresh rate so I
think we should just take a moment test
it out on here because this TV actually
has free sink which is great for you
gamers you console gamers no screen
tearing and no image smearing so we're
gonna find an easy game for me because
let's be honest it's been a minute has
it been 10 years since I picked up a
controller
this feels honestly so much more natural
than a mouse and keyboard for gaming
sorry I know so right now at this game
the cue LED TV is going to be doing that
fancy AI upscaling because this is at
1080 we're playing on 8k TV so it has to
do some work to get it to that 8k
resolution but it looks great it looks
fantastic
right triggers bass
yes skirt skirt oh no you do not get in
my lane No
oh why is this not as intuitive as Mario
Cart my windshield because it's so
cracked because I keep crashing I was
like oh all those games that are popular
that require skill I'm gonna be terrible
at it at least this game I can be good
and I'm an eighth place out of eight
people the Smart TV functions are easy
to use and very well laid out as a
person who has previously owned several
Samsung TVs I feel at home and it's
actually really handy to use a device as
your remote the options are endless and
to see it on a big screen is refreshing
it's nice it's nice to have a keyboard
as well and being able to control
everything your remote can do and more
one of my favorite features about this
TV is ambient mode it's actually in it
right now it has a lot of great screen
savers I wouldn't even call them screen
savers there's so much more advanced
than that if you can tell this is
actually mimicking the wall that it's on
it has the texture of the wall you can
take a picture of it or it just
naturally adapts to your wall I guess
there's like hidden cameras sensors on
the back of it in fear not if you don't
want to use your smart device as the
remote it comes with a pretty handy
Samsung remote this allows you to
control all of your devices with one
remote when we plugged in a gaming
console it automatically worked you just
don't have to worry about it okay
can we check out some of my own videos
so one of the biggest things with this
TV is the AI upscaling so that means it
can take SD HD 4k footage videos movies
TV shows and scale them up to 8k to
where it looks great on this TV so not
only are you on this bleeding edge
you're getting a K resolution for that
8k content but hey most the content out
there right now is going to be 1080 and
4k so it's important that it looks great
on this TV right now so I'm actually
gonna use big feet okay kids here's a
little lesson on SEO are you ready for
this search Sarah
peachie on YouTube Oh
that's right my name was spelled with an
H P Qi was used and it found me the
sound is great the image actually looks
incredible it looks better than real
life to be honest and I remember taking
some pretty aesthetic California footage
for this so this is another 4k video
scaled up
it makes me stoked that this video looks
good on a big TV like this this looks
great is it weird that I'm just
complimenting how great my own video
[Music]
4k upscaling beautiful um let's let's
look at a 1080 1080 p video because
reminder an 8k image and 8k TV is
basically for 4k images right so that
means a 1080 is literally for inside of
those four hence 16 1080 rectangles
that's right yeah math right
proof that even 1080 can look good on a
TV
but of course this wouldn't be a 8k TV
video if I didn't show you what a K
looked on this you saw some b-roll of it
earlier however the native YouTube app
on the TV only supports up to 4k for now
I'm sure that will change very soon so I
actually plugged in my PC to this guy to
get that mmm that beautiful 8k goodness
and all of its 8k glory it's time to set
up the PC my favorite part my favorite
part right here it's so pretty so the
thing with plugging in a PC via HDMI you
have to plug it into the fourth HDMI in
the back that's the only HDMI that
supports 8k so I have to go into the
Nvidia control panel and make sure it is
sending a legitimate 8k signal from this
YouTube video that we're gonna watch to
this TV we have to tell the computer hey
computer I know this is crazy but this
is an 8k display so we're gonna go into
the change resolution settings yeah so
in the Nvidia control panel we we see
that it's a 3840 by 2160 resolution so
we're gonna go in here change resolution
hit customize create custom a resolution
ok 7680 4320 love all of these
resolutions we have to memorize us video
people so we're at true 8k okay let's
see here I'm going to click on
the icon okay Samsung has a few 8k
videos on their channel this one's my
fave come here come here not 2160 who do
you think I am it's so clear I know this
is just the 65 inch so I can't even
imagine what this looks like on the 98
inch hold on there's dogs oh my gosh you
beautiful puppy it's like a right here
oh wow
oh my goodness gracious it doesn't do it
justice I'm sure for this video but
hopefully you got an idea and today the
future is exciting and the future is now
let me know what you think about 8k in
general if you want to learn more about
these qle d 8k Samsung TVs check out the
link in the description below if you
have any questions leave the question
I'll try to get back to it and yeah
until next time I will just be sitting
here in my office looping this video of
dogs who needs a dog where you have dogs
and 8k well it makes me say I want a dog
and a cat a dog and cat who are best
friends
anyways let me know if you like this
video like for the dogs hit that
subscribe button I'll see you in the
next one stay peachy okay bye
[Music]